Variables clarification (#10872)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/browser_tests/actions.md

By default, the **Scroll** step scrolls on the whole page. If you need to scroll on a specific element (for instance a specific `<div>`), use the **Target Element** option to select the element you want your browser test to scroll on.

#### Wait

> By default, Datadog waits for a page to be fully loaded before performing a step or a next step—with a timeout after 60 seconds. In some cases, however, you may wish to set a custom waiting time. For instance, if you know that a page or a page element is taking more than 60 seconds to load, you can leverage the wait step in order to extend that default timeout. If you choose to use this functionality, the value for your wait step must not exceed 300 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Datadog waits for a page to be fully loaded before performing a step or a next step—with a timeout of 60 seconds. If you know a page or page element is taking more than 60 seconds to load, set a custom timeout by using the wait step (max value of 300 seconds).
```

**Note**: This additional time is systematically added to **each run** of your browser test scenario.

### Variable

{{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/variables.png" alt="Browser Test Variables"  style="width:60%;">}}

> To create a variable, first give it a name then define its value using one of the below methods. To learn how to use variables inside of your steps, see [here](#using-variables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a variable, first give it a name then define its value using one of the below methods. To learn how to use variables inside of your steps, see [Using variables](#using-variables).
```

Once created this variable can be used in the following steps of your browser test.

## Using variables

### On manually added steps

> All steps input fields with a `{{` indication support variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All step input fields with a `{{` indication support variables:
```

> {{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/autocomplete.png" alt="Variable autocompletion indicator"  style="width:70%;">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/autocomplete.png" alt="Variable autocompletion indicator" style="width:70%;">}}
```

To see all available variables, type `{{` in the input field and choose your variable of interest.

### On automatically recorded steps

If you want to record a step leveraging a variable, you can use the little hand on your variable box:

> {{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/variable_input.mp4" alt="Variable Input" video="true"  width="100%" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/variable_input.mp4" alt="Variable Input" video="true" width="100%" >}}
```

At recording, this translates into the actual value of the variable being injected on your website's input (consequently allowing you to move on with the rest of your steps) and creates an associated `Type text` step featuring `{{ <YOUR_VARIABLE_NAME> }}`.
At test execution, `{{ <YOUR_VARIABLE_NAME> }}` is systematically replaced by your variable's associated value.

> Some variables only get computed at runtime (for example, variable from HTTP request or variable from JavaScript step). To record a step using one of these variables, record a step with the actual variable value, then replace the actual value with `{{ <YOUR_VARIABLE_NAME> }}` on your step definition before saving your test. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some variables only get computed at runtime (for example, a variable from HTTP request or JavaScript step). To record a step using one of these variables, record a step with the actual variable value, then replace the actual value with `{{ <YOUR_VARIABLE_NAME> }}` on your step definition before saving your test. 
```
